STC code issues
----------------

All issues have been moved to Jira under the STC project at itrack.sns.gov


Design Notes / Ideas
----------------------

SFS Multiple Concurrent Outputs
    It will be quite easy to support concurrent, in-process stream adapters from a single instance
    of SFS. The IStreamAdapter abstraction layer can be used directly to plug an output format
    into the StreamParser class (as current SFS is for NxGen) - OR - one could write a multi-
    threaded output manager adapter that would plug-in between the StreamParser class and one or
    more regular stream adapters. It would be essentially a transparent man-inthe-middle adapter
    to patch the virtual calls from StreamParser into the methods of each adapter (on their own
    thread).

General Notes
-------------

* After a meeting with M. Hagen and B. Winn on 10/22/2012, it was decided that no metadata or derived
  data structures (Nexus classes) will be placed in the Nexus files. The Nexus files will continue to
  contain only "raw data". This decision made the creation of the Experiment Definition Schema moot.
  It will remain the responsibility of the instrument scientists, users, and analysts to externally
  document the content of Nexus files - specifically the meaning of process variables and any critical
  properties of devices connected to a beam line.

Version History
---------------
0.1.1 - First versioned release
0.1.2 - Added start time and time offset attributes to DASlog time axes.
0.1.3 - Changed time format to include ':' in timezone offset
        Clean-up units strings in MxGen class
        Many small changes based on Maries short diff document (some still outstanding)
0.1.4 - Added base cataloging path option (for test harness/manual translation)
0.1.5 - Added stream marker support
0.1.6 - Fixed marker initial values, changed marker format in Nexus files
0.1.7 - Fixed bugs for Misaligned event index, negative time offsets, veto
        pulse class type in Nexus file.
0.1.8 - Added time attributes to Veto_pulse log
        Changed comments log to NXcollection
